Okay.
So in the previous lesson, we wrote a new mutation that's going to update the View Store State to clear
all of the user's selections.
So of course, the next thing we need to do is to actually issue that mutation, commit that mutation
when something happens in the app.
And of course, that something is the user clicking the clear filters button.
So let's open up our job filters sidebar component.
There it is.
And let me scroll all the way up here.
And as a reminder, here are our three checkbox groups right here.
And directly above that, we have this little section which we haven't worried about in a while.
And it is here that we are rendering an action button called Component.
It has the text clear, clear filters, and it also accepts an additional prompt called type.
And that secondary value simply sets the styles of this action.
So what we need to do is to commit our mutation whenever the user clicks this action button.
So it's actually been a while since we set up a click handler.
As a reminder, we need to use the VON Directive and so we can either use V on directly or the shortcut
for that is the app sign right here.
So after that, we provide the name of the event that we want to react to.
We want to react to a click.
So whenever the user clicks this action button, we're going to run some bit of logic.
And of course, we provide that here inside the double quotes after an equal sign and with the old options
API.
This would typically be a method defined in our methods object and with the newer composition API.
This can simply be a function that we define in our setup method and also make available to the template
in our returned object.
So let's call this function clear user job filter selections.
All right.
And of course, that function does not exist yet.
So before we forget, let's immediately make it available.
So I'm going to scroll all the way down here to the setup method.
And right here in line.
I will define that constant.
And I will call it.
Clear user job filter selections.
For now, I'll make it an arrow function and an empty arrow function so it doesn't do anything.
And then I'll immediately make it available to the template right here.
Clear user job filter selections.
And so what we have done now is we have wired up a click handler.
When the user clicks the action button above, we're going to run this function.
Of course, this function does nothing now, but that sets up the entire template to work with our values
right here.
All right.
That is how we set up functions to be available to our template.
So what do we actually want to do in the body of this arrow function?
We want to commit a mutation.
In order to commit a mutation, we're going to need access to the store object because that is what
has the commit method on it.
And in order to get access to the store, we're going to need to use our use store helper function.
So I'm going to scroll up here and I'm going to import use store.
So you store is going to come from view.
And as a reminder, in order to use the store, we're also going to need the key.
We provide the key there to enable type checking from type scripts perspective.
And that key is going to come from the source directory and the stored directory in there.
And that of course has an index file where we define this key.
So immediately in line in our setup method, I can get access to the store by invoking you store and
passing in the key.
So now we're going to get access to our typed of you store.
And this of course is going to be our type global state.
But it also has other things like a method like commit and where we want to invoke that method, of
course is going to be in the body of this function.
So right here I'm going to invoke the commit method on my store.
And of course the first argument we pass the commit is the name, the string name of the mutation that
we want to run at that moment.
Right.
So we have that mutation name saved as a constant and I would prefer to use it here to avoid any chance
of typos.
So right here, we're already importing a bunch of constants from our constants file.
I want to add in the new one we defined in the previous lesson, which is called the clear user job
filter selections.
That is our constant name represented as a string.
So right here, I'm going to pass in that constant right here, which is basically the same thing as
passing in a string and here representing the mutation that I want to run.
So once again, to walk through the entire flow, when the user clicks on an action button, we're going
to react to that click using the Beyond Directive.
We're going to run the clear user job filter selections function, which we defined down below in our
setup method.
When that function runs, we're going to take our existing store, which we have access to via the used
store function.
We're going to invoke the commit method to run a mutation and then we're going to specify which mutation
we want to run it, which is clear user job filter selections.
That, of course, is going to be this mutation right here.
It does not accept any additional arguments, so we don't need to provide anything to the commit method,
just the name.
And in theory, that should clear all of these three race.
All right.
So with that, let's transition to the browser and see how our work looks.
We're going to discover that's not going to be fully complete, but we're going to make a lot of progress,
and of course, we'll complete the rest of it in upcoming lessons.
So let me bring up the view dev tools.
Let me make sure I select a View X right here.
And we're going to see all of our properties right here.
Right now, all of the arrays are empty because we're starting out from the beginning.
So let me check a couple of degrees, a couple job types in a couple organizations.
So, for example, Bachelor and PhDs will do part time and full time and maybe view and me and point
of view.
So notice now right here, in my view, dev tools, we have populated those three properties with our
checkbox selected values.
All right.
So now take a look at what's going to happen when we click Clear Filters.
So really good news will notice that the three arrays right here were clear and in turn, because our
filter jobs getter is relying on these three values because our filter jobs get a reran because it's
tracking these changes as well.
You also noticed that the jobs on the right hand side updated.
So we are indeed showing the jobs on the right hand side of that.
Basically all 100 jobs because we no longer have any filters.
So this part correctly updated are getter correctly we reran.
So everything is in a good shape.
Of course, the part that's missing is that we didn't actually clear any of these checkboxes, so we
took care of the filtering on the view side of things.
And you can certainly click on this multiple times if you want, when in fact check this again.
So now we have three values inside two degrees.
If I clear filters, you'll notice it is going back to an empty right.
So it is indeed working.
But of course, the other half of the equation for a seamless user experience is not just showing them
the updated jobs, but clearing all the checkboxes.
We're going to focus on that in the upcoming lessons.
I'll see you there.